README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./frontend/src/assets/django.svg" height="64"/>
    <img src="https://www.python.org/static/img/python-logo.png" height="64"/>
    <img src="./frontend/public/vite.svg" height="64"/>
    <img src="./frontend/src/assets/react.svg" height="64"/>
    <img src="./frontend/src/assets/tailwind.svg" height="64"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Full-stack Blog App</h1>

<p align="center">Full-stack Blog Web App written using:</p>
<p align="center" style="margin: 0;">• React.js, Tailwind CSS as a front-end</p>
<p align="center">• Django & Python as a back-end</p>
<p align="center">:construction: Project in progress :construction:</p>

## Technologies

Used technologies:

- Python
- Django
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS

Front-end part of this project was created with tool named:

- Vite

Used also:

- axios
- react-router-dom
- jwt-decode

## How to run back-end server?

Type:

```bash
./env/Scripts/activate
cd backend
python manage.py runserver
```

and go to development server:

```bash
http://127.0.0.1:8000/
```

## How to run front-end section?

Type:

```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

and go to development server:

```bash
http://localhost:5173/
```

Commit message:

add info how to run this app

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="./frontend/src/assets/django.svg" height="64"/>
    <img src="https://www.python.org/static/img/python-logo.png" height="64"/>
    <img src="./frontend/public/vite.svg" height="64"/>
    <img src="./frontend/src/assets/react.svg" height="64"/>
    <img src="./frontend/src/assets/tailwind.svg" height="64"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Full-stack Blog App</h1>

<p align="center">Full-stack Blog Web App written using:</p>
<p align="center" style="margin: 0;">• React.js, Tailwind CSS as a front-end</p>
<p align="center">• Django & Python as a back-end</p>
<p align="center">:construction: Project in progress :construction:</p>

## Technologies

Used technologies:

- Python
- Django
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS

Front-end part of this project was created with tool named:

- Vite

Used also:

- axios
- react-router-dom
- jwt-decode

## How to run this full-stack app?

- _<u>Firstly run back-end</u>_

Type:

```bash
./env/Scripts/activate

cd backend
python manage.py runserver
```

Development server will run at:

```bash
http://127.0.0.1:8000/
```

- _<u>Secondly, run the front-end part using commands below_</u>

Type:

```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

and go to development server:

```bash
http://localhost:5173/
```
